
# Simfocus

Our project definition is social media only for Simform family. It will have features like Register in which only users who have Simform business email id can register, login, posting of images, liking the post, commenting on post, chats and many more tiny and big features with attractive User Interface and easy to learn environment. It will be helpful to know more about Simform family and its workers. This application will be helpful to connect with workers. this points will help to increase connection and work quality of Simform employees. This Simform Social Media application will only available to those who have Simform email id. In this application we are thinking of adding one general Simform channel or page for sharing general photos like events or any other general photos like we just finished championships or Holi celebrations. Also user can comment and like the posted photo posted by others and show their reaction to the user who has posted the post. In this application user can also share their achievement which will be cheerful and inspirational to the user who posted and also other users who will see and react to the Post. As we are thinking, This Simform Social media will also have the major feature like Real Time Chatting which will be helpful to connect and chat with friends or colleagues from the company.


Link of Postman application: https://bold-equinox-940595.postman.co/workspace/laravel_API_learning~f78e416d-5887-44a9-898a-eab2ccb975f0/collection/12111983-fabb652d-4e81-426e-a401-9b709486283a